*Before making any changes, please read the entire codebase and the file itself and understand the context of the changes you are making.*

OVERALL NOTES
1. Provide readme.md files for each folder. Including a very brief description of the folder and what it contains for those exploring the repo in github. This does NOT have to be for every single folder, but for all folders at least one level down from the root.
2. The emojis currently look unprofessional, and should be used more sparingly.
3. Update documentation to reflect the current state.
4. Reminder to reference Claude.md for documentation best practices.

README.MD
1. Briefly elaborate on Meta's Prophet model, and it's overall value proposition for this tool
2. Briefly elaborate on the Monte Carlo Simulation, and why this is valuable as opposed to just a point estimate from the Prophet model
3. Put the pro forma parameters before prophet forecasting engine
4. Make the introduction to the file tool in-depth, instead of just one sentence. No more than two-to-three paragraphs about the potential business value of using this overall forecasting tool for multi-family real estate pro formas comapred to a traditional excel sheet
5. Remove Key Architectural Benefits section
6. Remove geographic coverage from features, that is not entirely accurate since we are still using mock data
7. You provided snippets for Python code under the "Usage" section, but I would like you to elaborate (no more than a paragraph) on how to explicitly use this in the codebase
8. Codecov link looks broken, maybe because it's not set up yet?

CLAUDE.MD
1. The Development Context and Current State sections seem to have overlapping information, and are not very clear.
2. Key Technical Details seems a little vague, and could be expanded on.
3. I also don't really understand the purpose 

TESTING_GUIDE.MD
1. This entire document either needs to be removed, or it needs to be updated to reflect the new testing framework. If testing details are already provided in another document, then delete this file.

docs/readme.md
1. We already have a file like this in the root of the repo. Replace the contents of this file to describe the purpose of this folder at a higher level.

docs/USER_GUIDE.md
1. This is a very important file, and should be updated to reflect the new tool. Take extra care to ensure that the user guide is clear and concise.

docs/PROPERTY_INPUT_WORKFLOW.md
1. remove the supported MSA codes section, since we are using mock data

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md
1. The structure of the file is good, but the information can be more concise for user readability.

docs/DCF_DATA_STRUCTURE.md
1. This file is very detailed, but is hard to follow. The integration architecture at the start is particularly helpful. This makes me thing that more simple visuals will be helpful increase document readability
2. Add brief descriptions tied to any code blocks or figures that you provide explaining their purpose.

docs/Database.md
1. This is an important file because it is the start of our data flow, confirm that this is updated

docs/DCF_ENGINE_ARCHITECTURE.md
1. There are a lot of words that make the document a little hard to follow. Cleaning up for conciseness and adding simple visuals will go a long way

docs/EXCEL_PRO_FORMA_ANALYSIS.md
1. Remove DCF ENgine implementation roadmap section.
2. This document should solely focus on the analysis of the original excel sheet to catch someone quickly up to speed on how that initial pro forma worked. Anything other than that is excess information that needs to be removed

docs/MONTE_CARLO_MAPPING.md
1. There are a lot of words that make the document a little hard to follow. Cleaning up for conciseness and adding simple visuals will go a long way